# Menu

The Menu component renders the entire food menu section including the header block, category tabs, list of food items, and dietary icon legend.

Menu accepts one required array prop `menus`. This is an array of all menus content passed from the CMS.

It uses the following sub-components:

```
              NavMobile
            /            \
Menu (Index) –––––––––––– MenuCategory – MenuSection – MenuItem
            \
              NavDesktop

```

This component uses the [react-responsive](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-responsive) plugin to switch from accordion navigation to tabbed navigation at the `md` breakpoint.

## Usage

Import Menu and pass in the `menus` data:

```jsx
import Menu from "./menu"

<Menu menus={data} />
```
## Sub-Components

### NavMobile

The NavMobile component uses the `Accordion` utility for navigation. It receives two props that are generated by `Menu`:

- `tabs`: A required array of category headers
- `sections`: A required array of category contents

### NavDesktop

The NavDesktop component creates a row of tabs for navigation. It receives three props that are generated by `Menu`:

- `tabs`: A required array of category headers
- `activeTab`: A required number that is the idx of the currently selected tab
- `onClick`: A required function that updates the activeIdx state based on the clicked tab

### MenuCategory

The MenuCategory component generates every section under a single tab, e.g: all of the sections inside "Lunch". It receives one prop that is generated by `Menu`:

- `sections`: A required array of all sections in a category

Either `Menu` or `NavMobile` will generate this component, depending on the current screen size:

- `Menu` creates a single MenuCategory and updates it's data based on the `activeTab` state.
- `NavMobile` creates the full list of MenuCategory components inside and Accordion

### MenuSection & MenuItems

See these components' story notes for details.
